README.md, before:

# Your First 3D Game: Squash the creeps 3D

![Squash the creeps banner](images/3d-game-banner.png)

Squash the Creeps 3D is a free and open-source game demo for the [Your First 3D Game](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/getting_started/first_3d_game/) tutorial in the official Godot documentation.

The tutorial series is completely free, open-source, and teaches you to create a 3D game from scratch where you avoid and jump on alien creatures.

![squash-creeps](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12694995/99914544-b2815f80-2cc3-11eb-9fc3-46b61d2083f5.png)

It covers:

1. Handling player input.
1. Moving and jumping in a 3D game.
1. Spawning enemies randomly around the game arena.
1. Using the built-in animation editor to breathe life to your game
1. Creating a complete game loop with lose conditions, score, and the ability to restart.

## Credits

`art/House In a Forest Loop.ogg` Copyright &copy; 2012 [HorrorPen](https://opengameart.org/users/horrorpen), [CC-BY 3.0: Attribution](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/). Source: https://opengameart.org/content/loop-house-in-a-forest

Commit message:

Mark the project as archived

README.md, after:

## Archived

**This demo project was merged into the main [godot-demo-projects](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects/tree/master/3d/squash_the_creeps) repository.**

---

# Your First 3D Game: Squash the creeps 3D

![Squash the creeps banner](images/3d-game-banner.png)

Squash the Creeps 3D is a free and open-source game demo for the [Your First 3D Game](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/getting_started/first_3d_game/) tutorial in the official Godot documentation.

The tutorial series is completely free, open-source, and teaches you to create a 3D game from scratch where you avoid and jump on alien creatures.

![squash-creeps](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12694995/99914544-b2815f80-2cc3-11eb-9fc3-46b61d2083f5.png)

It covers:

1. Handling player input.
1. Moving and jumping in a 3D game.
1. Spawning enemies randomly around the game arena.
1. Using the built-in animation editor to breathe life to your game
1. Creating a complete game loop with lose conditions, score, and the ability to restart.

## Credits

`art/House In a Forest Loop.ogg` Copyright &copy; 2012 [HorrorPen](https://opengameart.org/users/horrorpen), [CC-BY 3.0: Attribution](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/). Source: https://opengameart.org/content/loop-house-in-a-forest
